{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Scenario 2.\par
1.Identify Stakeholders: Begin by identifying all the individuals, groups, or organizations that are involved or affected by the implementation of the new online banking system. This includes both internal and external stakeholders such as:\par
* Internal stakeholders: Bank executives, IT department, customer service representatives, branch managers, marketing team, legal and compliance team.\par
* External stakeholders: Customers, regulatory bodies, third-party vendors or partners, shareholders, community organizations.\par
2.Prioritize Stakeholders: Once you've identified all stakeholders, prioritize them based on their level of influence and interest in the project. Stakeholders with high influence and high interest should be given more attention.\par
3.Understand Stakeholder Needs and Expectations: Conduct interviews, surveys, or focus groups with stakeholders to understand their needs, expectations, concerns, and objectives regarding the new online banking system. Gather feedback on what features they would like to see, any concerns they may have about security or usability, and how they expect the system to benefit them.\par
4.Analyze Stakeholder Interests and Power: Use a stakeholder matrix or grid to analyze stakeholders based on their level of interest and power. This helps in understanding their potential impact on the project and how to effectively engage with them. Stakeholders can be categorized as:\par
High Power, High Interest: Fully engage and involve these stakeholders in the decision-making process.\par
High Power, Low Interest: Keep these stakeholders informed with periodic updates.\par
Low Power, High Interest: Keep these stakeholders satisfied by addressing their concerns and involving them in relevant discussions.\par
Low Power, Low Interest: Monitor these stakeholders but don't invest significant resources in managing their engagement.\par
5.Map Stakeholder Relationships: Identify relationships and dependencies between different stakeholders. This helps in understanding how stakeholders may influence each other and how to manage potential conflicts or alliances.\par
6.Develop Stakeholder Engagement Plan: Based on the analysis, develop a stakeholder engagement plan that outlines how each stakeholder will be involved, communicated with, and managed throughout the project lifecycle. This plan should include strategies for communication, involvement in decision-making, addressing concerns, and managing conflicts.\par
7.Continuously Monitor and Manage Stakeholder Engagement: Throughout the implementation of the new online banking system, continuously monitor stakeholder engagement and adjust your approach as needed. Regularly communicate updates, address concerns, and ensure that stakeholders remain aligned with the project objectives.\par
\par
Scenario 3.\par
1.User-friendly Interface: The web interface should be intuitive and easy to navigate, ensuring a seamless experience for investors.\par
2.Secure Authentication: Investors should be required to log in securely using their credentials to access the withdrawal process, ensuring data confidentiality.\par
3.Product Selection: Users should be able to select the investment product from which they wish to make a withdrawal.\par
4.Withdrawal Amount: Investors should be able to enter the amount they wish to withdraw, with validation to ensure it meets any minimum or maximum withdrawal limits.\par
5.Banking Details: Users should be able to provide the banking details where the withdrawal amount should be transferred, including bank name, account number, and routing information.\par
6.Notification: Upon successful completion of the withdrawal, investors should receive a notification confirming the transaction. The notification should include details such as the balance before the withdrawal, the amount withdrawn, and the updated closing balance.\par
7.Request for Bank Statement: Investors should be prompted to upload a copy of their bank statement when submitting a withdrawal request, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and verifying the legitimacy of the withdrawal.\par
8.Error Handling: The system should provide clear error messages and guidance if any fields are incorrectly filled out or if there are issues with the withdrawal request.\par
9.Accessibility: The interface should be accessible to users with disabilities, adhering to WCAG guidelines for web accessibility.\par
10.Data Security: The system should employ encryption and other security measures to protect investors' personal and financial information.\par
11.Responsive Design: The interface should be responsive and adaptable to different screen sizes and devices, including desktops, tablets, and mobile phones.\par
Prototype:\par
\par
For the prototype, let's focus on the main screen where investors initiate the withdrawal process. Here's a description of the elements on this screen:\par
\par
Title and Logo: Enviro365 Investments Bank logo and a title indicating the withdrawal process.\par
Login Form: Secure login form where investors enter their credentials (username and password) to access the withdrawal functionality.\par
Product Selection: Dropdown menu or list of investment products from which investors can select the one they wish to withdraw from.\par
Withdrawal Amount Field: Text input field where investors can enter the amount they want to withdraw.\par
Banking Details Section: Fields for investors to input their banking details, including bank name, account number, and routing information.\par
Upload Bank Statement Button: Button prompting investors to upload a copy of their bank statement.\par
Submit Button: Button to submit the withdrawal request.\par
Notification Section: Placeholder for displaying a notification message confirming the withdrawal details and providing the balance before the withdrawal, the amount withdrawn, and the updated closing balance.\par
Error Messages: Space to display any error messages or validation errors if the form fields are incorrectly filled out.\par
This prototype screen should provide a clear and user-friendly interface for investors to initiate and complete the withdrawal process online.\par
\par
Scenario 5.\par
\par
1.Initiation Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst works closely with stakeholders to gather initial requirements and understand the business objectives behind the project.\par
Activities: Conduct stakeholder interviews, gather business requirements, perform initial feasibility analysis, and define the project scope and objectives.\par
2.Planning Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst collaborates with project managers, developers, and other stakeholders to plan project activities, resources, and timelines.\par
Activities: Create a detailed project plan, define requirements and acceptance criteria, identify risks and mitigation strategies, and establish communication channels.\par
3.Analysis Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst dives deep into requirements gathering, analysis, and documentation to ensure a comprehensive understanding of user needs and system functionalities.\par
Activities: Elicit, document, and prioritize business and functional requirements, create use cases, wireframes, and mockups, and validate requirements with stakeholders.\par
4.Design Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst works closely with designers and developers to translate requirements into technical specifications and design solutions that meet business needs.\par
Activities: Collaborate with UI/UX designers to create user interface designs, review and refine system architecture and data models, and ensure alignment between design and requirements.\par
5.Development Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst serves as a bridge between stakeholders and development teams, clarifying requirements and providing guidance throughout the development process.\par
Activities: Support developers with clarifications on requirements, participate in sprint planning and review meetings, and ensure that the implemented features meet the specified criteria.\par
6.Testing Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst participates in testing activities to validate that the software meets the defined requirements and functions as expected.\par
Activities: Review test cases and scenarios, collaborate with QA testers to ensure comprehensive test coverage, and facilitate user acceptance testing (UAT) with stakeholders.\par
7.Deployment Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst supports the transition of the software from development to production, ensuring a smooth deployment process.\par
Activities: Coordinate with stakeholders to plan and execute deployment activities, provide user training and documentation, and address any post-deployment issues or feedback.\par
8.Maintenance Phase:\par
Role: The business analyst continues to engage with stakeholders to gather feedback, prioritize enhancements, and support ongoing improvements to the software.\par
Activities: Monitor system performance and user feedback, conduct regular reviews of system usage and effectiveness, and facilitate the implementation of updates and enhancements.\par
High-Level Project Plan for Website Services Inc.:\par
\par
1.Initiation:\par
Conduct stakeholder interviews and gather initial requirements.\par
Define project scope, objectives, and success criteria.\par
2.Planning:\par
Create a detailed project plan, including timelines, resources, and milestones.\par
Identify and allocate project team members and roles.\par
3.Analysis:\par
Elicit, document, and prioritize business and functional requirements.\par
Create use cases, wireframes, and mockups.\par
4.Design:\par
Collaborate with UI/UX designers to create user interface designs.\par
Review and refine system architecture and data models.\par
5.Development:\par
Support developers with clarifications on requirements.\par
Participate in sprint planning and review meetings.\par
6.Testing:\par
Review test cases and scenarios.\par
Facilitate user acceptance testing (UAT) with stakeholders.\par
7.Deployment:\par
Coordinate deployment activities and user training.\par
Address any post-deployment issues or feedback.\par
8.Maintenance:\par
Gather feedback from stakeholders and prioritize enhancements.\par
Support ongoing improvements to the software.\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 